#+TITLE: Minutes of the meeting 
#+AUTHOR: VLEAD
#+DATE: [2018-08-31 Fri]
#+SETUPFILE: ./org-templates/level-0.org
#+TAGS: boilerplate(b)
#+EXCLUDE_TAGS: boilerplate
#+OPTIONS: ^:nil

* Introduction
 Here are the minutes of meeting held on 31st August:

* Duration
 From 11:30 to 12:30 PM

* Attendees
  - Mrityunjay Sir
  - Priya Ma'am
  - All SSAD Members (12)  
  - Sadhana Ma'am

* Agenda
   - To present what we have done the previous week.
   - To discuss the aim of this week.

* Linked list
** Discussions

  - The issues solved in the previous week was presented. 
  - Files were converted to literate programming.
  - Files which were not responsive were converted to responsive.
  - Discussed about which branch to use.

** Actions

  - To integrate the develop branch into the catalogue service.
  - Sadhana Ma'am will provide instructions about cloning everyday.
  - Create a seperate Slack channel for git notifications.
  - We have to finish responsive design integration.
  - Our team should have catalogue service installed.
  - Our temp should have testing artifacts rendering in the shell for the linked list experiment.
  - Start thinking about demo video artifacts.
  - Thinking about making CSS common.
  
* Stacks and Queues
** Discussions
- The work done in the previous week
- Catalog Service
- Infrastructure set up
- Emacs org files and tangling
- Sketch files for design

** Actions
- Solving the issues brought up
- Set up latest infra
- Fix unresponsive artefacts
- Integrate common CSS file
- Fix buttons 

* Infix to Postfix
** Discussions
    - The work done in the previous week
    - New issues opened
    - Issues closed
    - Setting up the catalog service
    - Update to the latest infra
** Actions
    - New milestone to be created every week
    - Add issues to the milestone
    - Having a common CSS
    - Fix bugs in code that doesnt get displayed while rendering
