#+TITLE: Minutes of the meeting 
#+AUTHOR: VLEAD
#+DATE: [2018-09-14 Fri]
#+SETUPFILE: ./org-templates/level-0.org
#+TAGS: boilerplate(b)
#+EXCLUDE_TAGS: boilerplate
#+OPTIONS: ^:nil

* Introduction
 Here are the minutes of meeting held on 14th of Sept 2018

* Duration
 From 11:30 to 12:30 PM

* Attendees
  - Mrityunjay Sir
  - Priya Ma'am
  - All SSAD Members (12)  
  - Pavan
  - Mayanak Modi

* Agenda
   - To present what we have done the previous week.
   - To discuss the aim of this week.

* Linked list
** Discussions
** Actions
  
* Stacks and Queues
** Discussions
** Actions

* Infix to Postfix
** Discussions
- Presented the experiment run from local server.
- Discussed on the work done in the last two weeks.
- On the issues where images and arifacts are not loading when run from the catalog server.
- Discussed with the infra team on rendering.
** Actions
- Created milestone for week 4 containing issues to be solved.
- Make the second artefact responsive.
- Properly render all the artifacts from local machine
- Make sure the first artifact is responsive in local machine.
- Fix all bugs in artifact 2.
* Heap Sort
** Discussions
- Presented the experiment run from local server.
- Discussed on the work done in the last two weeks.
- Discussed about demos and push issues into gitlab (assigning milestone)
- Take Common artefacts from others

** Actions
  - Create artefacts 
    - Insert Artefact
      - Responsive + UI Design
    - Extract Max Artefact
      - Responsive + UI Design
    - Rebuild 
      - Responsive + UI Design  
* Hash Tables
** Discussions
** Actions
